CSS Modules: css colors (#25329)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_colors/index.md

---
title: CSS colors
slug: Web/CSS/CSS_Colors
page-type: css-module
spec-urls:
  - https://drafts.csswg.org/css-color/
  - https://drafts.csswg.org/css-color-5/
---

{{CSSRef}}

The **CSS color** module defines colors, color types, color blending, opacity, and how you can apply these colors and effects to HTML content.

While this module has only two CSS properties, {{cssxref("color")}} and {{cssxref("opacity")}}, over 20 CSS and SVG properties, CSS images, at-rules, and @media rules depend on these two properties.

### Colors in action

> This color syntax converter shows the values of the currently selected color in [red-green-blue](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/rgb) (RGB), [hexadecimal](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/hex-color) (HEX), [hue, saturation, and lightness](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/hsl) (HSL), and [hue, whiteness, and blackness](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/hwb) (HWB) CSS color formats. The RGB, HEX, HSL, and HWB color values, which written differently, all represent the same colors value.

Author: ```suggestion
This color syntax converter shows the values of the currently selected color in [red-green-blue](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/rgb) (RGB), [hexadecimal](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/hex-color) (HEX), [hue, saturation, and lightness](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/hsl) (HSL), and [hue, whiteness, and blackness](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/hwb) (HWB) CSS color formats. The RGB, HEX, HSL, and HWB color values, while written differently, all represent the same color value.
```

title: CSS Colors
slug: Web/CSS/CSS_Colors
page-type: css-module
spec-urls:
  - https://drafts.csswg.org/css-color/
  - https://drafts.csswg.org/css-color-5/
---

{{CSSRef}}

The **CSS color** module defines colors, color types, color blending, opacity, and how you can apply these colors and effects to HTML content.

While this module only two CSS properties, {{cssxref("color")}}

- {{cssxref("opacity")}}, over 20 CSS and SVG properties, CSS images, at-rules, and @media rules depend on the CSS color and opacity values defined in this module.

### Colors in action

> To view a new color, along with the color value written in [red-green-blue](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/rgb), [hexadecimal](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/hex-color), [hue, saturation, and lightness](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/hsl), and [hue, whiteness, and blackness](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/hwb) CSS color formats, open the [color picker](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/color) and select a new color in the box below. Change the opacity of the color with the opacity [slider](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/range).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The box below contains a color syntax converter. When you choose a color and an opacity, it shows the corresponding values of the color in [red-green-blue](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/rgb) (RGB), [hexadecimal](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/hex-color) (HEX), [hue, saturation, and lightness](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/hsl) (HSL), and [hue, whiteness, and blackness](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/hwb) (HWB) CSS color formats.
To view a new color, click the color box next to "Select a color" and choose a color from the [color picker](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/color). Close the color picker and change the opacity of the color using the "Select an opacity" [slider](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/range). Notice the values for RGB, HEX, HSL, and HWB for the colors and opacity you choose.
```

{{EmbedGHLiveSample("css-examples/modules/colors.html", '100%', 450)}}

> To see the code for this color syntax converter, [view the source on Github](https://github.com/mdn/css-examples/blob/main/modules/colors.html).

Author: I changed it to reflect what is shown above the demo and how to change it below the demo. Is that better?
